Divide DeepSemgrep documentation, create introduction and examples, create DeepSemgrep category (#830)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/deepsemgrep/deepsemgrep-examples.md

---
slug: deepsemgrep-examples
append_help_link: true
description: "This document provides an overview of DeepSemgrep use cases, such as its use in type inferences, class inheritance, constant propagation, taint analysis."
---

# DeepSemgrep examples

This document provides an overview of DeepSemgrep utility on specific examples, such as its use in type inferences, class inheritance, constant propagation, and taint analysis.

## Cloning the DeepSemgrep testing repository

> DeepSemgrep’s full value is achieved when scanning with more files. Semgrep’s usual embedded code examples are not useful for demonstrating the capabilities of DeepSemgrep because embedded code from Semgrep App only displays one rule and one test file at a time.

Reviewer: Feels like this is missing a conclusion? What is the user supposed to do?

Author: ```suggestion
DeepSemgrep’s value is mostly visible when scanning more files. Semgrep’s usual embedded code examples are not helpful in demonstrating the capabilities of DeepSemgrep because embedded code from Semgrep App only displays one rule and one test file at a time. To see the capabilities of DeepSemgrep fully clone the [DeepSemgrep testing repository](https://github.com/returntocorp/deep-semgrep-tests).
```
